Good afternoon, Dr. Greer. Thank you for
being here and all the work you're
doing. And
>> thank you, Raven. It's good seeing you
again.
>> Yes, you too.
>> Welcome back from Bulgaria.
>> Yeah.
Um, so let's jump right in. I know you
have some updates you'd like to share
with us and uh we'll
>> Yes. Yeah. There are some very important
updates. Um I of course people know that
we've been working for you know uh two
or three years with a law enforcement
task force that is researching the
criminal aspects of this transnational
criminal organization or Tinko that's
running the legacy uh UFO programs and
there's been great progress made on that
front but a lot of it is information I
can't really go into detail on but they
understand the scope of the problem they
understand that what we have been saying
for 30 years is 100% accurate and
correct and I think they also understand
the extent to which there has been
corruption
uh through uh you know people who are
operatives within the media world and
within the internet world to uh suppress
information but also to alter the truth
about very specific areas. for example,
u this task force and very senior
government folks now in the intelligence
community understand that we have these
UFOs and this is what has been covered
up by people like Alzando and others for
a very long time and in fact uh you know
as I mentioned I don't know if people
recall uh a couple years ago there were
members of Congress who told me very
specifically they were warned away from
looking into any of the human tech
because they could get into a lot of
trouble. Well, the reason they're
diverting people uh like the president,
members of these oversight committees in
Congress from this is because that those
technologies have been used in criminal
enterprises ranging from kidnapping and
abductions to wet work murders to uh
drug and and arms running and everything
else. and uh the they've been built with
uh unapproved uh off-budget illegal
funds uh in in these various big
aerospace contractors. So it's the heart
of the criminal conspiracy or RICO
raketeering influence corrupt
organization, but it's also how they
have preserved the element of surprise
to deceive senior military and
intelligence officials who are not read
in or briefed on the subject. For
example, uh you know this whole thing
that happened with the tic tac where we
immediately identified it as an object
that had been built a long time ago and
had been deployed and now we have
multiple whistleblowers ranging from
green berets to Marines who've seen it
deployed in the field as a man-made
object. But of course it was presented
as an alien threat or a Chinese threat
or what have you. And this sort of
gaslighting, deceiving of people at the
senior levels of national security and
military is treasonous and a crime. This
is understood now. And so this is very
good news. And um and that is being
looked at and looked at hard. So in a
perfect world, that organization would
capitulate and stop playing these games.
The problem is, and this is what we're
going to talk about during this podcast
for a while, is that I've just done a
white paper about five-page white paper
uh analyzing the problem that exists in
the public space. So, let's look at this
into two areas. There's what's going on
covertly and on the investigatory level.
Uh, and it's not stuff you're going to
see at a dog and pony show at the House
Oversight Committee or what have you.
And then there's which is enormous
progress and and we're the you know the
scales have fallen from eyes all
throughout the system over the last few
years. Now the bigger problem is that
there's a lock on the internet major
podcasts major mainstream media left
right center global on the false
narrative. the narrative of the world's
going to be attacked by aliens and that
if you if you don't think they're alien,
they're agents of the devil or whatever
it is, you know, whatever narrative that
where they can hit people's hot buttons
of fear. And that is a huge problem
because this is how we end up achieving
disclosure and winning that battle for
disclosure but losing the war because
the long-term war that they've launched
since the 50s is trying to pivot the
world towards a dystopian totalitarian
system that is united not around
universal peace or a golden era of high
technology and peaceful existence
together and exploring space and free
energy and all that, but of fear. And
this is how demagogues throughout
thousands of years of human history,
whether they be religious or political,
have controlled the masses is through
these fear narratives. And that has
continued unabated. I mean, look at what
has happened with this age of
disclosure, age of deception movie where
they have a what I heard $10 million
budget to push it out and they were on
every major news entity in the world,
right? And it had that threat narrative.
Now, a lot of people see through it now,
but the general public doesn't because
they're not really steeped in this in
any detail, right?
>> Similarly, you have Steven Spielberg
coming out with this age of disclosure.
I wish I copyrighted the term disclosure
where I invented it in the 90s, but
anyway, it's been ripped off and that
the trailer at least looks like a horror
flick. Uh, I don't know what it's really
about and nobody has seen a a screener
of it. I'd like to, but that's a
worrisome issue
>> because back years ago, and I'm just
going to say this for this group right
now. Um, few years ago, it may have been
10 years ago, I was in Santa Monica and
I had uh dinner, a very long dinner with
uh Steven Spielberg's son, Max
Spielberg, and a very nice young man.
and uh we got into this issue rather
deeply and he told me about how of
course Steven Spielberg had done Close
Encounters of the Third Kind uh which
was kind of beautiful and the movie ET
which was very sweet but after that he
got targeted with an electronic warfare
system where they had a home invasion of
fake aliens
that was very negative. negative and
very scary and moved Spielberg over into
that camp.
>> Now, I'm quite I told Max Spielberg, you
need to tell your father this. He said,
well, you don't think he would believe
it because it sounds so outrageous. I
said, yes, because the real truth is
outrageous and unbelievable, but it's
true. And for years in the 90s when I
learned about what these technologies
were, I called them electronic black
magic. It'd be like as if you could, you
know, a sorcerer doing some scary thing,
right? But doing it through very
high-tech electronics that have resulted
from studying advanced extraterrestrial
transdimensional systems. You can pop
things in from another dimension,
>> right? So this sort of u you know
tradecraft, let's call it, has been used
to target specific people. I remember in
1994, for example, having a very long
meeting, three or four hours with the
crown prince of Likenstein, Hanzad van
Likensstein, and he explained to me
about how his brother, Prince Albert,
had been abducted out of the castle in
Likenstein. And of course, everything he
described was a classic CIA SCOP
abduction,
>> right? But it caused he and his brother
to hate the aliens and for him then to
fund the mutilation cults and the
abduction cults and the UFO researchers
to push the evil alien narrative into
the public. And it wasn't because he was
a bad man. It's because he had been
literally terrified and brainwashed by
these operations.
So this is a huge problem. And now we
have, you know, what might be a billion
people. will see this uh disclosure day
or whatever it's called by by Spielberg
>> and nobody really knows the backstory.
So, we're going to have to really watch
this. So, one of the things I'm
concerned about increasingly
is that the intelligence community and
law enforcement are drilling down on
these covert and very shadowy programs.
No one's paying attention to the end of
it, the tip of the spear
>> that's out in the public domain. But
those are people who are operatives for
that criminal conspiracy. And I've made
this very recently. We had a uh some
people on my team go down and meet with
the director of that task force and say,
"Look, this is a serious problem that's
got to get drilled down on because this
is exactly how we can achieve a
disclosure, but we'll lose the whole
overall purpose because this will all be
captured and moved towards this threat
narrative which will stampede the world
into panic and forget, you know, the
panic of 911 or the panic of of COVID.
This would be a thousand times worse
than that.
>> Exactly.
>> I warned the president of that in a
direct
>> uh memorandum that was put in his hands
and other people. But
>> the depth of knowledge people have to
understand this where where the bridge
is too far, and I'll be blunt about
this. Back in the early 90s, I had a CIA
guy say to me, "If you tell people the
truth, it's so more unbelievable than
the fiction, right?
>> But also, it will discredit you. You
will be discredited if you tell people
the truth because it is so bizarre and
unbelievable. It's like Stranger Things
and the nonsense they did at Montalk
that Stranger Things was based on. Those
were real science experiments tapping
into other dimensions and creating
phenomenon. Skin
>> Walker Ranch was taken over by people in
this cabal and they created all kinds of
terrifying events there that most people
think were indigenous or native to that
site and they weren't. There were
strange things going on there in ancient
times but not the stuff that you've been
hearing about. So this is the sort of
problem that we're facing because these
sort of operatives that take up all the
oxygen uh in the media space and in the
podcast space where there was Joe Rogan
and then Sean Ryan got threatened after
we were on. He's only featuring
disinformation people. Joe Rogan only
features disinformation operatives for
the most part on this subject. Um all
the major news networks, same thing.
They get cleared by the people who have
a controlling interest and they either
induce these sort of media people
through buying them off or threatening
them because maybe they have dirt on
them or some sort of blackmail file or
honeypot file like the
>> Epstein Island stuff, right? I'm not
specifically Epstein Island, but
similar.
>> So, the public is going to have to begin
to understand what this charade is and
that's going to be the larger task in
the next six to 12 months in my opinion.
and because the other is happening. I
mean and I think this is why the
disclosure project and our C5 contact
initiative make peaceful contact and
clarifying the truth
is the big task facing us this year. So
this is sort of my 2026
you know
announcing where we need to focus.
>> Yep. you know because the work on
disclosure and getting key people to
understand those covert elements that
has happened. Now the only question is
how does this come out and if it comes
out Allah you know the sky is falling
and the aliens are invasion or worse
they're agents of Satan you know the the
human future is is absolutely in peril.
>> Yep. So th this is how important this is
folks. And I want to remind people that
if you haven't seen it, we have put a
redacted version of this white paper out
to the public. Um hopefully most of you
on here, but on YouTube, you may want to
go to our website, drstephengr.com.
But you know one of the things if you
look at this historically
the people who want to keep endless war
going are very clever at doing it.
Example Vietnam the Gulf of Tonkan
incident where we pretty much staged or
exaggerated the attack on our ships in
the Gulf of Tonkan was done deliberately
to cause public outrage.
>> Yep. in the public and media that then
forced out of a because of the PR on
this to have President Johnson vastly
expand the Vietnam War because it was
benefiting the wararm mongers and the
military-industrial complex. So that
quagmire that cost 60,000 American lives
and who knows a million Southeast Asian
lives was a manipulation. This is what
people need to understand. 911 was a
manipulation that has cost a million
lives, two three trillion dollars in our
funding, God knows how many injured
American soldiers and and dead. And we
have to be careful with this because the
this this sort of strategic manipulation
of our leaders through the media is the
tip of the spear,
>> right? So there's what happens covertly
when they go into a meeting and gaslight
the president or the Senate Intelligence
Committee or House Oversight or whoever,
but then there's what happens in the
public sphere. And let's not forget we
live in a democracy which as Winston
Churchill said is the worst form of all
government except all others. And it
means we have politicians who are slaves
to public opinion. But in this case, the
public opinion, whether it be internet,
podcast, the mainstream media, what have
you, is corrupted and influenced by this
narrative. And the operatives for that
narrative who are part of a criminal
conspiracy. Let me put down a marker
here. The people doing that, I have made
very clear, are not freelancers.
They are knocks, non-official covers who
are operatives carrying a specific task
for this criminal and treasonous
organization. This is a fact. I've made
it very clear to law enforcement,
national security people, and that's now
on their radar. Now, what they do about
it, I don't know. But I think we have a
responsibility
>> to point this out and do it in every
opportunity because now we're getting to
what is going to be I said this in the
90s the battle for the minds and hearts
of humanity. You know how do we regard
this? How do we view this entire issue?
And if we view it as this existential
threat to our being, right? and we
respond that way through fear and
aggression and militarization of it,
it's the end of civilization as we know
it. I mean, it's catastrophic. At the
best, we would go through decades or
however long of sort of a uh dystopian
um military global totalitarian state
that would control everybody and
everything that's going on around this
sort of terror in the skies stuff. So I
think this is why whether it's Hollywood
movies or TV shows or podcasts or news
shows the what you keep seeing if you
look at them is this narrative and
people who have the understanding like
we have are blocked from those shows.
>> Y
>> even if initially you're on them they
when when they realize the number of
views it gets this is what happened with
Sean Ryan and others they then block
you.
>> Right. So, we have to find ways. We need
a mar here's the other thing. If there's
anyone listening who's really a really
good uh marketing, internet marketing, a
social media networking person who can
get this message out going around
the blockade that the information and
truth blockade that exists in podcasts,
internet, and media and even Google
search engines. You know, the stuff
we'll put out will come up a 100 pages
later. And even if you do a SEO, search
engine optimization, it gets knocked
out,
>> right?
>> They'll put false stuff on my Wikipedia
page. If we fix it, within an hour, it's
converted back to false information.
>> Yep.
>> You know, our Tik Tok account was just
cancelled, right?
>> Right. uh a few months ago in June when
you know we had disclosed that there was
a operative trying to steal the bug
sphere out of the vault in Mexico City.
So I think this is a very serious issue
that I'm now putting on the front
burner. It's been on the back burner
and the mistake people make is they
think it's just UFO politics and
sociology and it isn't. You know, there
are plenty of good people in the UFO
sphere, but they're not the ones that
you're going to be seeing on Fox News or
CNN or these big podcasts. The people
who carry the threat narrative like
we're being invaded by a million
reptilians on the uh Atlas Comet. Those
are the people you're going to see on
Joe Rogan, right? The biggest podcast in
the world. So, this kind of nonsense is
is a real problem. Now, we're making it
quite clear that that whole operation is
itself a corruption of the media on
behalf of a criminal conspiracy, right?
But it doesn't change the dynamic that
that's what's happening or people like
Mr. Spielberg who's just simply been gas
lit and tricked. I mean, and I have no
doubt, honestly, because we've had this
happen to our team
where whatever happened was terrible and
scary, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Because the one time we were at Joshua
Tree, uh, we had some weird
almost like Stranger Thing creature
unleashed on people on our team at a
house that I was staying at that came to
the window and jumped on the roof and
scared the hell out of the people in
that house.
>> Right? If they had if that if those
folks had not learned from me that we
that the covert,
you know, kind of Nazis that have these
uh technologies have the ability to do
that and to scare people. They would
have thought it was an alien,
>> right?
>> Absolutely. But luckily, our team or at
least our inner circle team knew enough
to know that's what it was.
>> And actually, one of them actually had a
gun and ran out and tried to get it and
shoot it. it um or or get it away from
the the the house. But, you know, that
is not something that happens every day,
but it has happened. And it's another
sort of psychological warfare scop
tactic uh that works on 99.9% of the
population who would not be able to get
their heads around that after 80 years
of reverse engineering and technologies
and studying physics that are beyond the
speed of light and extradimensional
systems and transdimensional physics
that we have this capability. But we do
and we've had it for a long time. So all
of that what all of this adds up to uh a
David and Goliath story, right?
>> Yes.
>> And I've made it clear to people close
to the president and people in the
Congress who are leaders that the entire
US government,
including the Pentagon and the legal
parts of the Pentagon and CIA are the
David. And this entity that have this
80year running head start with these
technologies is a Goliath. Mhm.
>> And they need to understand that it
doesn't mean David didn't take down
Goliath. It just means you don't
underestimate the capabilities of
Goliath or you're going to lose the that
situation.
>> So that's really um why I did that white
paper because I think we're reaching
criticality. We're reaching, you know,
this point where I don't know a date per
se, but where all this eventually is
going to come out increasingly in an
official way. But if it comes out the
incorrect way, as I said in the paper I
wrote in 1999, when disclosure serves
secrecy, meaning it's serving the secret
government,
>> uh, illegal operations, uh, that's where
we are right now. And it it's picking up
and I'm looking at what's going on in
the major media in Hollywood because
that's how you have to brainwash the
public, right? because the public
pivoted that way because the politicians
and the president are slaves to public
opinion, right? For that matter,
prosecutors and US attorneys and judges
are as well. So, this is how you end up
being in a real jackpot, a real problem.
And I just tell people, we have to stay
with the truth. We have to speak the
truth without wavering. And and then
hopefully that is what spreads forward.
The reason the movie we're releasing
here in the next couple months is about
you know what what I consider ultimate
the ultimate disclosure effort is humans
understanding this and being a direct
contact to the ETSs bypassing this
cacophony of nonsense uh that is coming
out of various quasi governmental and
media quarters. Right.
>> Right. that we we need, you know,
thousands and millions of people
understanding and doing that because
that's how a Leazison is built between
humans and these nonhuman civilizations
where it isn't completely controlled by
this insane and dystopian uh future that
has been in the works for 70 years. I'm
pretty sure I can trace this back to the
early to mid50s. Mhm.
>> This whole agenda was concocted because
Vera von Brown warned uh Carol Rosen
about this in 1974,
>> right,
>> 52 years ago. So this has been in the
this has been in the works. But
something like this is global and
civilizational. It takes decades to do.
And so while you know when I first
briefed the CI director in 93, a man who
was set that meeting up had been on
Ronald Reagan's National Security
Council staff and he said you know
long-term planning for the National
Security Council six months. This
organization looks decades and and
looking out a long time, right?
So
the the mainstream government that turns
over every two, four, six, eight years
um that is a very uh vulnerable to a
almost permanent global institutional
entity that has this kind of technology
and money and power and control and the
ability to corrupt major media and
internet and what have you. So I think
this is why, you know, it's got to be
very grassroots.
>> We the people I hate you, I'm down the
road from Thomas Jefferson's house here.
We the people have to take
responsibility for this and not be
passive beta cows just being led to the
slaughter. Right.
>> Right.
>> Which unfortunately the internet and
social media engenders sort of passivity
because we're just looking at a screen.
Right. instead of being leaning into it
and being active. So I I think we all
need to ask what can we do and how can
we build networks to support this the
truth and make contact that's peaceful
and put forward the disclosure of the ET
presence and but also expose the
trickery expose what's behind the
curtain that the Wizard of Oz is I call
this the Wizard of Oz effect. are
pulling behind the curtain all these
levers scaling the scaring the hell out
of Darthothy and the scarecrow and
everybody. Right. Right.
>> That's really what it is. You need to
not give it any more power than that.
>> But it's very very effective and it's
very high-tech. It's extremely slick.
>> And they hit all the hot buttons of of
human fear. You know, rape, abductions,
kidnapping, torture, evil aliens from
another world. I mean all the things
that would hit the sort of reptilian
midbrain of humans of fear and which
shuts down your higher intellect and
higher spiritual capabilities. You know
fear shuts all that off. So we have to
and and as as as you know it's
interesting as Krishna said Arjuna on
the battlefield in the Bavagita
you know he said a little of this with a
capital T eliminates all fear. that this
he's referring to is that state of
consciousness, the mind itself, the deep
aspect that's universal and infinite. So
if you can be centered in that, you can
not only know the truth and sense it and
your truth meter, your truthometer
becomes clear, but you're also not
afraid. And that's the the state of a
spirit warrior, a shambala warrior,
right? And that's what we all have to
sort of learn how to do.
>> Yeah. It's so important because so much
of our culture and society is to take us
away from our spiritual side,
>> you know, or have someone else dictate
what that's supposed to be instead of us
trying to just,
>> you know, reach a certain place on our
own. It's it's meant to squash
everything.
>> I think the internet largely has been
deployed that way. and social media.
>> Unfortunately, I mean, it's a great tool
>> for communication and networking, but it
can also be used the other way.
>> It's like a mind-numbing.
>> Yes. And and it makes people passive,
you know. Yeah.
>> They're studying, you know, kids and
teenagers, how much, you know,
depression and and problems there are
with people living in their smartphones
and on social media,
>> right?
>> And not engaging in the real world or
themselves or relationships.
So I think that it it can be wonderful
but it it's like any technology
you know it's like the ET technologies
have been reverse engineer they could
save the biosphere and in poverty or
they could lead to the end of the world
you know literally I mean so what it
really is is what is the consciousness
that wields it you know what is the
state of mind and the intentions of the
people who have it and I think that's
what we need to focus on more and more
in the coming year. Mhm. Yeah, that
makes makes a lot of sense.
>> Yeah, it's a spiritual journey. Uh not
necessarily religious, but it's a
spiritual journey as much as it is, you
know, a physical one.
>> Yeah.
>> Um would you like to take a few
questions?
>> Yeah, let's
>> um so
someone is asking, um you know, we've
been hearing about that this year could
be the year of disclosure.
Um, what do you do you think that's
still on track or
>> I do now? Who knows? I mean, I I I
thought this would all be over, but the
shouting in 1994,
>> right?
>> Remember, um, those of you who know the
history, and by the way, we're going to
do a little retreat at our retreat
center, uh, maybe this spring for those
who want to attend. That will be a whole
unpacking of 35 years of my journey, the
inside personal story of this that
almost nobody knows because that needs
to get chronicled. Um, but you know, we
thought, you know, after the Clinton
administration pivoted to really
drilling down on this that this would be
a done deal 9456, 30 years ago. And of
course, the story of that is that their
attempt got completely subverted. people
were killed on that what was called team
red that was set up these special forces
guys or they were converted over to this
illegal black operation and then Clinton
was threatened and then induced
uh in ways that I know specifics about
and that was the end of it. Um and
honestly the last president that tried
to really aggressively resolve this was
President Kennedy. I don't know what
happened there. But um so I think that I
go yes there there's more than just the
president and a few members of Congress
now drilling down on this who are now
understand I mean what I've been told
repeatedly by senior people in those
circles is that there had they've had
excuse my language an oh moment
where they realize that everything we've
been saying is true for the last 30
years and now they are really seriously
drilling down on it and there are people
in those corrupt organizations and
legacies that are trying to pivot
towards being on the right side of
history. So it is, you know, we're
bending the arc of that history, but how
it plays out to be determined. But I
think this is why we need a really big
uh PR and public education push this
year about all this
>> as a counter to the false narrative
because it's very hard for someone like
me to compete with,
you know, a $200 million film like this
thing Spielberg's doing that, you know,
is is most likely from the trailer just
going to be like terrifying. At least
the trailer seems to be. Um, maybe I'll
be pleasantly surprised. We'll see. Um,
as I said, if someone has a screener of
it, get it to me, you know, even if it's
under the table. But, um, I don't know.
I know a lot of people in Hollywood in
media and nobody has a screener because
it's guarded like the new iPhone or
something. It's like secret, super
secret,
>> right?
>> Um, but I think that this is what we
need to look at and uh, I think that it
is on track and that's everything I'm
hearing. Uh, but I said a long time ago,
we're better off with continued secrecy
than disclosure that is in the direction
that we see these things happening in.
>> Yeah.
>> Because that is a civilizational ending.
That puts us on a track straight to
Armageddon, which some of these freaks
want.
>> You know, that's what the prince of
Likenstein said. We we need to have
Armageddon and the world destroyed by
fighting the aliens or that Christ
returns. He literally said that word for
word to me. I am not kidding. Of course,
I almost fell out of my chair. And I
just listened.
>> I was like, wow. You know, and this is a
huge funer of Opus Day and far extreme
religious entities at the Vatican and
stuff like this. But I'm going, man,
this is kind of nuts nutso. Right.
>> Right.
>> Um, but put me under sodium penithol lie
detector. That is precisely what he said
and he meant it. Yeah.
>> So, you know, hey, they may get their
way if we're not careful. So, this is a
warning to people. If if this comes out
the way it has been planned to come out
that Vernavon Brown warned about about
this false alien threat and invasion, it
it's very very bad for for the human
species and for Earth. So, my job is to
try to protect the human future. Now, a
lot of people don't understand why I
come on so strong on some of these
issues. Because I think what we have to
do is is fight for the good truth and
the vision that can guide the world
across this period and this chasm into a
new and wonderful world. Like the ET
said to Colonel Corso, a new world if
you can take it,
>> right? He said that in 1956, this ET to
Colonel Corso at White Sands. So, we
need to really pivot to that world. And
I think this is going to come out in the
near term. I can't tell you if it's
months, days, a year or two, but it's on
track,
>> but how it comes out is going to be
deterministic of what the human future
is. Well, I I saw a um article recently.
I think it was in the Guardian where um
a banker from the UK had put a statement
out saying if the United States releases
the you know does a disclosure that
banking system is going to collapse and
>> yes that's been all over the internet
and
>> yeah and of course one of the things
where they have been able to control the
the release of this information is
threatening the big money people
threatening a complete financial
collapse.
>> Yeah,
>> that's always been in in there,
>> right? And uh it's part of the scare
tactics and it works
>> uh when if you're the president or prime
minister or whatever you are. So that's
part of the scare tactic.
>> It doesn't have to be that way at all.
If it comes out the way
uh age of disclosure is doing it and the
false narrative, yes. If it comes out as
a very positive and hopeful thing and
and talking about a transition from the
current uh energy system over 15 20
years to a new and free energy zero
point energy system and it's managed
intelligently it isn't. So again it's
how it's done. It's not if it's going to
happen it's going to happen. But if it's
done the wrong way and stupidly and in a
craven way that's designed to create
panic, then we're in a world of trouble.
So I would say to that man, yes, but
right, it doesn't have to be that way.
It's that way if you are quite frankly
craven and deliberately trying to create
that scenario or or unfortunately just
stupid, you know,
>> right? I mean it is stupid and yes there
there's no reason for it to be that way
and you know I I remember Carol Rosins
talking about astronaut Edgar Mitchell
the hill on his dead deathbed was just a
few days before he died just muttering
humans are just stupid he was so fed up
with this whole thing because I'm the
one who brought him into all this and
brought him to the Pentagon in 97 with
the Admiral Wilson with the the head of
intelligence joint chiefs of staff and
stuff and uh it It was quite a journey
for him, you know, because he was the
sixth man to walk on the moon,
>> right?
>> Apollo uh 14, the one after the one that
almost
>> blew up and killed everyone. But um
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. It's pretty courageous to go on
that one.
>> For sure.
>> Yeah.
>> Um speaking of the moon, someone is
asking, "Do you think the moon is
actually um a natural object or is it
like a constructed satellite?"
>> I don't know. I mean there's so much
about the earth, the moon and how
everything is arranged that you know you
do wonder about
you know the term terraforming but you
know how very advanced civilizations
eons ago could have assisted in setting
up this beautiful world or assisted in
it. I have no evidence of that and I've
heard those theories but honestly I
don't know. I do know that there are
assets up there.
>> Initially ones that were ET and now we
have human ones that are up there.
>> Yeah.
>> Y
>> um can you share uh about some of the
caring beings that first took you on
board the craft uh to
>> Yeah. talk about
>> well I'm not sure if that question is
about what happened to me in in 1973
>> or what happened um subsequently
>> um so they're they're asking which of
the caring beings first took you into
their ship so I don't know it
>> it wasn't one it was a group and they're
different species one of the false
mythologies in in the UFOs realm is that
I mean look I mean look at our culture
you We have people from in this country
from every country and every culture and
every background. Uh and
in fits and starts we get along most of
the time. Okay. Although demagogues are
always trying to throw kerosene on our
divisions. But I think, you
[clears throat] know, if you look at
advanced civilizations that are
interstellar cleared, meaning that
they're cleared to go from one star
system to here beyond the speed of light
transdimensionally, they're not banging
around like cowboys and Indians out in
space. This is a false uh narrative. And
this is why, you know, people say, "Oh,
there are these three races or species."
You know, we know that Sergeant Clifford
Stone, who was on the retrieval teams
for the bodies and craft in the 60s,
that by the late 60s, they had
documented 69 separate species,
>> right?
>> All evidence. They were working
together. Now, they're not always all
together on the same craft or operation,
but the idea that it's sort of like just
the wild west out in space is uh
anthropocentric projection, meaning
we're projecting our own human chaos and
divisiveness and disorderly,
unevolved social structure on [snorts]
the ETSs. It's not how the universe
operates. It's not how the cosmos at a
higher order where you've been cleared.
If you look at my presentation on the
cosmology and the evolution of
civilizations, you know, when you get to
a level three, four, five, and that
level of consciousness and technology,
they're not operating in the
consciousness we are of division and war
and let's grab lab, you know, let's grab
Greenland or let's grab Ukraine or let's
invade this place. I mean no this is not
first of all you have no need to do that
because any material object you need can
be uh brought in out of the fabric of
spaceime into three dimensions right
literally materialized. Um, so it's a
whole different consciousness and these
are civilizations that have had that
capability
either thousands or millions of years
ahead of us. And so we're always trying
to judge and look at what's going on
with the phenomenon based on the
consciousness of early 21st century
humans. And it's a mistake. We have to
sort of learn to step into their shoes.
So my experience is that they've always
been multiple species working together.
Although sometimes I have discovered
that the ones that are all together from
one star system have maybe some
specialized function or capabilities
that like everyone does are god-given
abilities like the healer that sort of a
praying mantis triangular shaped head ET
that healed the man of his hearing that
people can see in close encounters of
the fifth kind
>> that we have the picture of um
>> the photograph of and and and that that
species is well known as sort sort of
very uh much healers of physical medical
healers and have some extraordinary
capabilities in that regard. Um, so that
happens also. But when I had the
contact, it wasn't just one. And it was
clear that it was a sort of a coalition
and they were interested in a boy um you
know 17 18 experiencing um that cosmic
consciousness state after I had the
near-death as sort of a a poor boy in
the south with no particular provenance
or privileges but had that experience in
a very clear way um without the
trappings of the overlay of human
religiosity because my parents weren't
religious. religious. So it was it was
sort of a pure experience and it wasn't
uh dominated by catechisms of you know
sort of stereotypes. I'm not trying to
put down organized religion. I'm just
saying there's a lot that gets overlaid
or or as allegorories that people
literalize, but this was sort of a I I
don't know how to say it sort of
innocent and pure experience
>> without that bi those biases because
>> my parents were [clears throat] I mean
really agnostic type didn't believe in
anything um and boy did I find out they
were wrong you know that there is a
consciousness that continues after death
and the universe is filled with life and
u the whole cosmos is conscious in
consciousness and um but that's an
experience I had as 17 18 and so that's
informed honestly everything I've done
since
>> lucky that I died I mean it was
>> terrible at the time but at the same
time you know sort of shamanic I guess
you'd say
>> right
>> um [clears throat] so when people are
being C5 ambassadors is Is there a way
to make sure
what like the people they're interacting
with are they safe? I mean, are they are
they being scoped or are they being
>> if you're look here here's here's the
criticality here.
If you're in that state of consciousness
and really take the heart, the
meditative state, and get in a pure
state of heart and mind,
you're going to be guided and you'll
have discernment.
The the actual ET and non-human beings,
if you get afraid, they are not going to
keep pushing in. They're going to stop.
The ones that are the man-made scops,
they're going to keep coming. So, if
it's something that doesn't respect your
boundaries, it is by definition human.
The non-human ones, I can't think of.
Look, I've been doing this with groups
of people since 1990,
>> 35 years, 36 years. We I cannot think of
a single time where we've had amazing
craft and contact or beings where it's
been anything but beautiful and
peaceful. And I that's why I know that's
in sharp contrast to the false
mythologies that are the stock and trade
of mythology which is 90% terrifying
negative this and that. I'm going yeah
because those are not the ETs. Those are
the man-made stage craft and the program
life forms and the man-made craft and
psychotronic and electronic warfare
systems. So just if you stay in that
state of consciousness, you will be have
contact with the real thing and that's
nothing to worry about ever. Um, now if
there was some kind of trickery being
played on you with the knowledge I've
provided, you should be able to make
that discernment and just laugh it off.
I mean, we've had man-made craft and
things happen. I just flip them off and
excuse [snorts] me, but you know,
>> and this this person is also saying um
they're worried about, you know, if
they're having some real ET encounter
that the ETs remain safe and are not
attacked in the process.
>> That's the very part of the protocol
that's most important.
>> Yeah. If you look at the meditation and
the remote viewing protocol in the C5
contact app, it's very clear that we
always say appear in any way that is
safe and appropriate for this time and
this space and this group because
we may have a certain amount of sensing
what's called a military situational
awareness or threat that's around and
sometimes it's obvious with the
helicopters or boots on the ground even
when I'm around But um the the average
C5 team is never going to have that. I
mean and um this organization is small
enough they can't deploy. And I'll tell
you one of my strategies in releasing
all this to the public and this new film
that's going to be sort of a manual.
It's only an hour and 10 minutes, but a
manual for people to do this is so that
it's sort of like a denial of service
thing, right, on the internet where
there are enough people doing it that
this these covert this cabal of
jackasses just can't be that they don't
have enough of those assets.
>> And so [clears throat] this is strategic
on my part to be frank. But yes, you
always put in there to the ETSs,
we want to make contact. They can make
contact in a way that is very obvious
but not 3D where they're materializing
it and be blown out of the sky with an
electromagnetic pulse weapon. And that's
the other part of the training is
understanding when an ET object or
person is there and it can be sensed.
And even we we do this in our training
when we do these weekend trainings of
even how to photograph and videotape
them at certain spectrum that you
wouldn't see with your naked eye,
>> right?
>> But you know, you always let the ETs
know, don't push it. Don't we live in a
very dangerous world right now where
between the satellites and the ground
and air systems they do pick up ETcraft
when they are 3D and they are at risk
for being struck. So yes, you always put
in there just appear in any way. When I
say any way, it could be 3D or not 3D.
It might be 5D in a way that is uh safe
for them and for us also. I mean, it's
it's a safety protocol for all
concerned.
>> Sure. But to do that, you need to be
able to learn the abilities to do remote
viewing and perception and even the
technologies that we're using and the
sensors and the electronic devices and
all this that we do. And I I really want
to be doing more of that this coming
year somehow um for people so that they
have that experience even if it's with a
large number of people. I wish I wish we
had an army of people out finding sites
for us that could hold a lot of people.
But um you know because build it and
they will come. I'll come if you can set
it up. Um but I think that more and more
people need to be able to learn that uh
and understand that it's not just a
remote viewing in consciousness. There
are the physical technologies we use.
Like we'll sit there with a magnetometer
which it picks up the magnetic field and
all of a sudden even though there's no
nothing that would change the magnetic
field around us because we don't have
any other machines or anywhere out in
the wilderness and it'll start
communicating very specifically
>> and an ET will come through that system
and communicate.
>> So there are so many ways they can do
this that people need to understand. Um,
so I think that when you look at the
app, the C5 contact app, it goes through
all the equipment. It goes through, it's
really a whole course. Most people don't
avail themselves of all the uh
information that's in that app. It's
packed full of things. Um, but I think
that's what you need to master. Um, and
so it's it is a specialty. And um I
would love at some point this year to
start a a C5 teacher training course
where we can teach people, you know, if
I can
focus myself to do it. Raven and I have
to figure out, you know, we're very
short on staff, folks. I mean, that's
part of the problem. [laughter]
>> I'm the staff.
>> Yes, she's the staff and there's one
other very part-time person and
everyone's a volunteer with their own
career. So, you know, we're we're doing
disclosure and C5 contact and briefings
for Congress and the White House and
Mara Lago and
the FBI and the intelligence community
and we're it right. So, we need funding,
too, by the way. If there's any people
out there who have assets that can help,
we really do. Um, we really need to
raise around $300,000 in the next month
or two. Um if if there are people out
there who can help us.
>> Uh do you have any thing to share on the
bugosphere?
>> Well, yes. I mean, we have set up a um a
three-phase protocol. Um I'm waiting to
get an update from Mexico City. Uh the
first phase is we we've discovered that
there's a special type of
uh microctt scan that you can like one
of the images I saw was of a Nikon
camera where you see every little washer
and every little thing in it.
>> Yeah.
>> So what we're recommending is that
before it's penetrated with a fiber
optic system that that be done um on
with great precision. Now, it's a very
specialized form of CT. It's not like
the thing you go into a scanner to scan
your gourd or your belly or something.
Your head.
>> Your gourd. [laughter]
>> They call it your gourd. Yeah. Um,
sorry. But, uh, ER talk, but I think
that the but the but it exists and it's
super high resolution 3D. Uh so we want
to do more of that imaging and then the
next phase would be to set up a very
stable platform where it can spin
because it was spinning before it hit
that got zapped by that electrical line.
It was spinning at about 330 RPMs. So,
we're wondering if we could get it in
motion to see if it starts activating
and putting out different frequencies so
we could see what functionality is still
there after it got shorted out by this
whatever it was 10,000 volt power lines
app. Um, and so we want to do that, but
that requires a special platform. And
one of the requirements would be that it
would also be able to keep track the
weight of it. So if they say it spins
for an hour or two, does the weight go
down like it did when it was first
retrieved?
>> You know, it weighed two kilograms and
now it weighs over 10.
>> And so we want to do some kinetic
movement experiments. And then the last
phase, which would have to be done under
hazmat conditions and very carefully, is
to go inside
a couple of those ports around the
equator with a very fine fiber optic and
look inside. But you don't want to
breach into there until you have certain
conditions met because you don't know
what you're going to have happen,
>> right?
>> But and I think we need to do these
other tests first. So that's the plan.
Um, and that's that's in the hands of
the scientists in Haimey Mason in Mexico
City. Um, you know, we've done the
research for the imaging, but and I
haven't heard from our radiology team if
there's that type of scanner in Mexico
City or not.
>> Um, there's there are a couple locations
that they found. So, I think
>> they need to hand that over and have it
done.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, I'm like John Luke Bard on the
Enterprise. just make it so. But I mean,
yeah, we need to have that done
>> because that's that's a few hours of
imaging, but it would give us
>> hundred times more detail than the CAT
scan and X-rays we have now.
>> And that's what we want to see. What's
actually in there, right?
>> What are the structures? You know,
what's the design? What's the what are
the items in there? And how are they put
together? So, that's what you would get
from that without it being broken into
or moved into.
Yeah.
>> Do you know of any humans that have
actually traveled interdimensionally?
>> Oh, sure. We do it all the time.
Yeah. Yeah.
Let Let me tell you, anyone who's had a
lucid flying dream has traveled
interdimensionally.
>> So, let me unpack that for a minute.
the what what people don't realize
there's a wonderful old Persian saying
uh from ancient times think thyself a
puny form when within thee the universe
is folded
it's a question
>> we think we're just this little thing a
person here no the entirety of the
creation is folded like a quantum
conscious hologram within each person
and that includes the structure of of
our consciousness and and one of the
great things that have been folded
within us is the mystery and the magic
and and the reality of the dream state.
So even a hypnogogic state between
dreaming, you know, waking and sleeping.
But if you have a lucid flying dream
where you're awake in the dream with
your body of light, your astral body as
it's been called mystically, but it's a
real thing. Mhm.
>> You can actually go through other
dimensions and other worlds. You can go
any point in space, any point in time.
So, uh you know, I met my wife in a
series of lucid dreams like that back in
19 early 78. It was about uh 40 48 years
ago um in in February. And so most of
the important things in my life I've
seen that way.
And you can practice that. One of the
things we do at our trainings is to
teach people how to be in when you're in
a meditative state or when you're going
to sleep or coming out of sleep is how
to connect to that aspect of
consciousness that's not just trapped in
here and now linear spaceime. So that is
interdimensional that is
transdimensional
because the consciousness itself is
literally omnipresent in all points of
spaceime. So once you realize that you
realize that everything you need to do
what this question implies is
beautifully already folded within us.
See this is what we have to un unlock.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that it's it's in each person and it
isn't just like in Swan or remote viewer
or some mystic adept or a guru or me or
anything else. It's every single human.
Mhm.
>> And I reject, see, I reject the idea
that this is any kind of special
ability. I think it's a fundamental
human ability that I think most children
experience things like this and then our
culture and our educational system rings
it out of us and it oifies and calcifies
and withers. But we can revive it. We
can add water to the roots of that
capability.
>> Yeah. It's still there.
>> It's always there. Yeah,
>> if you're awake right now listening to
me, it's there,
>> right?
>> And so that's what's beautiful. And see,
this is what I want to focus on more and
more because ultimately understanding
that is the key to not only C5 contact,
but to a vision and understanding what
the human future can be, the vision that
needs to guide the planet and humanity
out of the insanity that's going on
today. Mhm.
>> And I think it is, you know, ironically,
when you boil it all down, the problem
is deeply spiritual and existential.
>> Yeah.
>> And the solution is going to be
spiritual. Not necessarily religious,
but spiritual. could be religious but
it's you know it's this deep
spirituality based in consciousness and
the fact that it's uh the spirit is
omnipresent and is in present in every
point in space and time in its fullness
and it's not even that you have to
create that it's there you have to be
centered and calm to where it dawns and
you begin to see it and happen
>> right it's like it's there's a balance
there but in the lucid dream state if
you're moving and going to other places
that that's interdimensional.
>> Do you think uh the human technology we
have can move interdimensionally?
>> Oh, absolutely. Yes, that's been used.
It's been weaponized.
>> I mean, it can be used for
intelligence gathering and it can also
be used as a weapon. No question.
because it gets into the deep end of the
pond here that you know when I go into a
skiff or meet with a lot of these in I
mean we're still trying to get them out
of you know elementary school with this
stuff right
>> sometimes you know when I've spent up
some quality private time with a member
of Congress I'll start to open some of
these doors and they just their mouths
drop open they this cannot be it cannot
be I
>> yep I think we have time for one more
question. Um,
how do you view like possible global
infiltration uh and disinformation
within C5 groups? Because, you know, the
more
people start um clicking into this, you
know, it's inevitable that there's
probably going to be people trying to
infiltrate.
>> It's always happened.
>> Yeah.
>> And here's the thing. What's the saying?
Ye shall know them by their deeds. said
in the Bible, I if someone becomes
disruptive or whatever, just remove
them. And and the other thing is this
does not need to be a social and
political thing and it's not a
popularity contest. You don't need a
huge number of people. You need it can
be three, five, eight, 10 people that
are on the same page, coherent,
orderly, get along,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> And do this. You know, one of the
problems is that organizations
uh tend to want to push this. See, I'm
not very well, you know, this I'm not
very social or at all political. So, um
and I never have been. Uh but I'm more
about, you know, what is the caliber and
the quality and the the coherence of the
team. That's what you look for. And if
someone isn't a good fit, then adios.
you know, this is not a good fit.
There's the door. Don't let it hit you
in the ass as you leave. I mean, I think
Well, I think people, and I, frankly,
you know, you've seen me do this. If
someone is a disruptive influence at one
of our events, they're sent home.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. I mean, it's just the way it is.
I mean,
>> and ironically, after uh they left, all
kinds of things happened.
>> Yes. So a toxic person let's say a toxic
or disruptive person that is you know
just filled with whether it's ego or
control dramas or nonsense the usual
human condition as soon as that person
leaves everything starts happening.
Yeah,
>> it's really true. The ETSs are looking
for that kind of higher conscious
coherent
evolution and and and bond that humans
can have, heart, love and consciousness
and mind. They're not looking for the
normal conflict and cacophony of human
society.
>> So I think it's a different concept.
It's a concept of a real espree core,
the spirit of a team. Right.
>> Right.
>> And that's what you want to create is
this aspree core.
>> Very nice.
>> Well, I think we're at out of time
today, but thank you so much, Dr. Gear
and uh all
>> Yeah, everyone. And I appreciate those
of you who are members or those of you
on YouTube who aren't members, one thing
you can do is join our membership and
>> and help us. It helps support all these
kind of deathdeying operations we're
doing that are very costly and that are
not anything that bring in any revenue
but are critical to the to the country
and to the world. So, you know, if you
can join our membership and spread the
word, we appreciate it. And if you can
make contributions to us, we appreciate
that, too. And I want to thank everybody
and thank you Raven for everything you
do.
>> You're welcome.
>> Okay. Thank you.
>> Thank you.